I am in general disinterested in getting people to agree with me. In part, this
is because I am a contrarian. It's deeply embedded in me, it's frequently
problematic and I've made my peace with that. But mostly, it's because I have
radical (at worst) and fringe (at best) ideas on just about everything. I have
an incredibly bizarre view on monetary policy. My beliefs on self-identity and
the very nature of reality are best categorized as absurd. I don't think I could
ever convince anybody who isn't myself that I'm right about any of these things.
And that's okay. They aren't terribly important to functioning in the world,
although I do believe that they deeply inform how I perceive myself and others
and how I understand myself and my position in the world around me, and that
should perhaps be a point of concern for anyone who knows me.

Ultimately, I believe that large portions of problems that we encounter in the
world come down to features of language. Perhaps in small part because the
language we use is not well-equipped to capture the world we see and experience
I mean, there are many phrases in other languages that simply don't exist in
english for instance. Not to mention other facts like if we were to have
developed a language that does not establish cardinal directions, we would
navigate (in a literal sense) the world in a very different way than we do.  But
mostly, I think this problem exists because of our improper use of our language.
That isn't to say that people 'speak english wrong', but rather that our usage
of language is deeply personal, stemming from not only the ways in which we were
taught to speak and what words mean, but also our interests, what we focus on,
and what we pursue. I know many words that other people know, but to me they
have very different, more feature-rich and multi-faceted meanings than other
people think they do. And this is also true for others - 'jargon' is a
manifestation of this eminment fact.

Because of my recognition of this - or rather, because I believe that this is
the case - I have forced myself to become incredibly particular in the ways in
which I use language. I think it is my moral duty, you could say, to speak
clearly and plainly. Frequently, this results in me being perhaps overly verbose
(take this preamble as a prime example!). But I think that the cost I pay should
ultimately bear out in the meaning I convey. Unfortunately, because of the
personal nature of language, I am oft misunderstood or taken to be saying
something different than I beleive myself to be saying. Alas, my own beliefs are
exactly causing the problems I am trying to solve. But that this is the case
merely further gives weight to this belief. It's a self-fulfilling prophecy.

So then what does all this mean? Well, that's an excellent question. I have been
wrestling with a particular topic for some years now, and not only do I think
that most people engaging in conversations around that topic are doing it
incorrectly, I think that they are doing it wrong in such a way that it is
actively harming the very position they claim to support. And this is troubling.

I would like to convince you that you are wrong about gender identity.
